Project Title
Arc Signal Receipts

Short Description
Arc Signal Receipts is an AI market-intelligence agent that packages each prediction-market signal as a signed reasoning receipt and gates access with small USDC payment intents on Arc Testnet.

Track Submitted For
Best Agentic Economy Experience on Arc

Circle Account Email
arbitrumaridrop@gmail.com

Circle Products Used On Arc
- USDC as the settlement asset.
- Arc Testnet as the first settlement environment.
- Circle Wallets as the intended wallet-management path for agent and buyer accounts.
- Circle Gateway as the intended routing and treasury layer for operational USDC movement.
- Nanopayments as the intended pattern for high-frequency, low-value signal access.

Working MVP
The MVP is a working TypeScript prototype in the public GitHub repository. It includes:
- Signed payment-intent creation for USDC-denominated access.
- Merchant-side verification of payer, merchant, service ID, amount, chain ID, expiry, and signature.
- Nonce replay protection.
- Signed reasoning receipts for AI-generated market signals.
- Settlement batch status tracking for fulfilled signal access.
- A dashboard snapshot model for signal hash, payment state, revenue, and settlement status.

Run locally:
npm install
npm run build
npm test
npm run demo:agora

Architecture Diagram
The architecture is documented in docs/architecture.md. High-level flow:
1. AI signal agent creates a structured prediction-market signal.
2. Signal is hashed into a deterministic reasoning receipt.
3. Agent signs the receipt.
4. Buyer signs a small USDC payment intent on Arc Testnet.
5. Merchant verifies the payment intent and rejects replayed nonces.
6. Merchant unlocks the signal payload.
7. Fulfilled access is batched for Arc Testnet settlement.
8. Dashboard shows revenue, signal receipt, and settlement state.

Demo Video
The demo video link points to a short WebM walkthrough stored in this public repository. It shows the product flow, local commands, and expected demo output.

Documentation
- README.md
- docs/demo-walkthrough.md
- docs/architecture.md
- docs/agora-submission.md

GitHub Repository
https://github.com/rick-best/arc-agent-pay

Circle Product Feedback
Why these products:
USDC, Arc, Wallets, Gateway, and Nanopayments match the core need: predictable stablecoin pricing, fast settlement, secure account control, operational routing, and very small usage-based payments.

What worked well:
USDC-denominated intents are easy for agents, merchants, and users to reason about. Arc's stablecoin-native positioning makes the product easier to explain than volatile-token payment flows. The Circle product stack maps cleanly to agentic commerce: Wallets for account control, Gateway for liquidity and treasury movement, and Nanopayments for pay-per-signal access.

What could be improved:
Builders would benefit from a single testnet quickstart that combines Arc RPC, USDC test tokens, Wallets, Gateway, and Nanopayments into one end-to-end payment-intent example. It would also help to have public sample apps for agent-to-merchant payments and signed usage receipts.

Recommendations:
Publish a reference flow for AI-agent commerce on Arc that includes a canonical payment-intent schema, replay protection guidance, receipt hashing, dashboard reconciliation, and testnet settlement examples.

Safety Note
This is a testnet-only developer demo. It does not custody user funds, execute trades, or provide investment advice.
